capital = 114

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
set_research_slots = 1
set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 1 
set_war_support = 1

add_ideas = {
	artificial_intelligence
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

##################
### CHARACTERS ###
##################


recruit_character = FIN_pehr_evind_svinhufvud
recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_risto_ryti
recruit_character = FIN_juho_kusti_paasikivi

recruit_character = FIN_vilho_annala
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_tanner
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_yrjo_leino #Only as Communist Revolutionary without DLC
recruit_character = FIN_prince_wolfgang_von_hesse



### ARMY LEADERS
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_erik_heinrichs
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_petter_nenonen
recruit_character = FIN_woldemar_hagglund
recruit_character = FIN_juho_heiskanen
recruit_character = FIN_wiljo_einar_tuompo
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_juutilainen
recruit_character = FIN_fanni_luukkonen
recruit_character = FIN_paavo_talvela
recruit_character = FIN_hannu_hannuksela
recruit_character = FIN_hjalmar_siilasvuo
recruit_character = FIN_taavetti_laatikainen
recruit_character = FIN_matti_aarnio
recruit_character = FIN_erkki_raappana
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_sihvo
recruit_character = FIN_aksel_airo
recruit_character = FIN_ruben_lagus
recruit_character = FIN_paavo_susitaival #Only as Fascist Demagogue without DLC


### NAVY LEADERS
recruit_character = FIN_ragnar_hakola
recruit_character = FIN_svante_sundman

### THEORISTS ###
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_valve
recruit_character = FIN_gustaf_magnusson
recruit_character = FIN_torsti_verkkola


###ARMY CHIEFS ###
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_hugo_osterman

### NAVY CHIEFS ###
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_arho
recruit_character = FIN_eero_rahola

### AIR CHIEFS ###
recruit_character = FIN_jarl_lundqvist
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_sarko

### MILITARY HIGH COMMAND ###
recruit_character = FIN_karl_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_harald_ohquist
recruit_character = FIN_valio_porvari
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_tiainen
recruit_character = FIN_frans_helminen
recruit_character = FIN_alpo_marttinen
recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_somerto
recruit_character = FIN_reino_hallamaa
recruit_character = FIN_johan_arajuuri
recruit_character = GER_nikolaus_von_falkenhorst #Defined in the German char file


### POLITICAL ADVISORS ###
recruit_character = FIN_ake_henrik_gartz
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_lahti
recruit_character = FIN_antti_hackzell
recruit_character = FIN_rudolf_holsti
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_cajander
recruit_character = FIN_urho_kekkonen
recruit_character = FIN_ralf_torngren
recruit_character = FIN_ernst_von_born
recruit_character = FIN_hilja_riipinen
recruit_character = FIN_esko_riekki
recruit_character = FIN_elias_simojoki
recruit_character = FIN_ilmari_kianto
recruit_character = FIN_miina_sillanpaa
recruit_character = FIN_karl_august_fagerholm #Democratic Reformer
