capital = 633

oob = "HUN_1936"

set_cosmetic_tag = HUN_neutrality
every_owned_state = {
	set_state_flag = HUN_INITIAL_STATE
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.6


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	engine_tech_1 = 1
}

set_cosmetic_tag = HUN_neutrality


recruit_character = HUN_miklos_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_matyas_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_arpad_szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_geza_lakatos
recruit_character = HUN_ivan_hindy
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_veress
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = HUN_istvan_szechenyi
recruit_character = HUN_francois_deak
recruit_character = HUN_gyorgy_jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_jany
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_reszo_kastner
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_bela_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_kanya
recruit_character = HUN_jozsef_szell
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_tildy
recruit_character = HUN_laszlo_rajk
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_daranyi
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_gratz
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos_de_jakfa
recruit_character = HUN_franz_friedrich
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szalasi
recruit_character = HUN_otto_von_habsburg

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.3.31"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 31
	neutrality = 44
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Infantry Breakthrough Light Tank "
	type = light_tank_chassis_1
	modules = {
		main_armament_slot = light_tank_hard_gun_1
		turret_type_slot = tank_light_three_man_tank_turret
		suspension_type_slot = tank_interleaved_suspension
		armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
		engine_type_slot = tank_petrol_electric_engine
		special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		special_type_slot_2 = extra_ammo_storage
		special_type_slot_3 = extra_ammo_storage
		special_type_slot_4 = extra_ammo_storage
	}
	icon = "GFX_HUN_basic_light_tank_medium"
	upgrades = {
		tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 0
		tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 9
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tank Breakthrough Light Tank" 
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = light_tank_hard_gun_1
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_three_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = extra_ammo_storage
			special_type_slot_3 = extra_ammo_storage
			special_type_slot_4 = extra_ammo_storage
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 9
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 9
		}
		icon = "GFX_FRA_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
}

