capital = 141

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
set_research_slots = 1
set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 1 
set_war_support = 1

add_ideas = {
	artificial_intelligence
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 100
}


recruit_character = SWE_per_albin_hansson
recruit_character = SWE_sven_olov_lindholm
recruit_character = SWE_sven_linderot 
recruit_character = SWE_folke_hogberg #NOT U
recruit_character = SWE_erik_af_edholm #NOT U
recruit_character = SWE_claes_lindstrom
recruit_character = SWE_per_sylvan
recruit_character = SWE_gosta_ehrensvard
recruit_character = SWE_torsten_friis
recruit_character = SWE_erik_palmstierna
recruit_character = SWE_helge_stromback
recruit_character = SWE_helge_jung
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_nordenskiold
recruit_character = SWE_ivar_holmquist
recruit_character = SWE_fabian_tamm
recruit_character = SWE_charles_de_champs
recruit_character = SWE_axel_rappe
recruit_character = SWE_oscar_nygren
recruit_character = SWE_axel_ljungdahl
recruit_character = SWE_archibald_douglas
recruit_character = SWE_ernst_wigforss
recruit_character = SWE_thorwald_bergquist
recruit_character = SWE_osten_unden
